The greatest risk is not taking one.
Now is the time to try something new.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are Beautiful!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail.
Do not fear what you don't know.
The object of your desire comes closer.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words.
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist.
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is not necessary to show others you have change; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
In case of fire, keep calm, pay bill and run.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.
You will make heads turn.
You are extremely loved. Don't worry.
If you are never patient, you will never get anything done. If you believe you can do it, you will be rewarded with success.
You will soon embark on a business venture.
You believe in the goodness of man kind.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.
You are a person of culture.
Keep it simple. The more you say, the less people remember.
Prosperity makes friends and adversity tries them.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Success is the sum of my unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
When you expect your opponent to yield, you also should avoid hurting him.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Enjoyed the meal? Buy one to go too.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year.
Now these three remain, faith, hope, and love. The greatest of these is love.
For success today look first to yourself.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Poverty is no disgrace.
If you don't do it excellently, don't do it at all.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Emotion is energy in motion.
You will soon be honoured by someone you respect.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new business venture is on the horizon.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Your dearest dream is coming true. God looks after you especially.
You will receive some high prize or award.
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will live long and enjoy life.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
A wish is what makes life happen when you dream of rose petals.
Love can turn cottage into a golden palace.